welcome back to movies recapped today i
am going to explain a horror thriller
film called parasite
it is shown at the start of the movie
that some mysterious aliens known as
parasites are making their way to the
city from the sea
then a sleeping man comes on the scene
in his room
one of the parasites crawls and enters
his ear
that man is irritated but he goes back
to sleep to calm down
now a boy appears named shinichi he is
listening songs at night
adjusting headphones in his ears that
parasite tries to enter his ear but of
no avail
shinichi feels itching and considers it
an insect when it goes to his nose side
he throws it away while picking it up he
moves to crush it
then that parasite comes on his hand
skin after cutting it
his mother also arrives at the same time
he exclaims
look my hand has become infected his
hand has no
trouble when his mother checks it next
morning
it is shown that shinichi feels some
irritation in his hand when he is at the
dinning table
then a man is shown whose ear was
infested he stands in front of his wife
he opens his monstrous mouth which was
too horrific
and he engulfs his wife's face through
his monstrous mouth
and it was happening due to that
parasite then shinichi comes on the
scene who
meets his friend on the way going to the
school
she observes his mysterious actions when
he reaches school
then something unusual was happening
with him
as his right hand got much strength
coming to his house
he tries to bruise his hand but his hand
mysteriously defends itself while
stopping him
then it is shown that his hand has
transformed into a parasite
and it was communicating with shinichi
further
it is shown that it not only used to
read shinichi's books but also use his
laptop
because it was interested in human
beings ways of living
shinichi had stopped it to go ahead when
it tried to enter his body
so it had only infected right hand and
was handling this hand
it declares its name miggy and it
requests
never cut me off i will not harm you
because you are my entertainer
it has appeared now that shinichi and
migi were creating a friendship bond
but all infected people by parasites
were creating havoc throughout the city
they were quenching their appetite after
killing human beings
contrarily mighty drags shinichi to a
hotel where many parasites were eating
the flesh of human beings
they misunderstand as shinichi is also
infected so offer the flesh
but they move forward to kill him after
knowing that he is still human not being
completely infected but migi defends
shinichi
attacking them because it could also die
with the death of shinichi
so he had acted for itself
news is broadcast that natives are being
killed and no one is able to know about
the killer
because parasites were carrying it out
tactfully and covertly
shinichi says to miggy why do you not
restrict your companion's parasites to
not eat human beings
then miggy replies you also eat
vegetables and other types of animals
in the same way our food is human beings
so what is wrong with it mighty used to
sense the type of parasite in its
surroundings
going to school it tells shinichi that
there is another parasite near you
it was not anything else but his teacher
witnessing shinichi
that teacher knows that he is infected
but she says that there is no need to be
afraid of me
because i don't want to harm human
beings rather
i am knowing the human being's ways of
life so their attributes may always
remain in me
it leads him to two more parasites
including a police officer and a student
it says this police officer is my spouse
and we are expecting a baby
and that baby will be a human being and
we also want to lead our life like
humans
we will not put anyone to death in
public because it is unharmful
but we want to eat in private will you
be a part of our group
but miggy disagrees next day the same
police officer comes to them
then miggy reveals shinichi he has come
to kill us
because he had detected that we ended a
parasite in a hotel on that day
meanwhile police officer attacks him
miggy and shinichi fight with him
at last he kills him coming into the
house
shinichi was feeling guilty as he has
taken a life contrarily
it is shown that parasite moves to
another human's body
coming out from police officer's body it
was not anyone else but shinichi's
mother
and she was proceeding to shinichi to
kill him miggy exposes to shinichi
she intends to kill you shinichi says to
it
be careful if you say something about my
mother
because he had cordially association
with his mother
he never wanted to lose his mother at
first sight his mother's face also
transforms into the parasite like other
parasites
and she attacks shinichi he is nearly to
die because of his waste of blood
next morning it is shown that he has
restored himself
mighty tells you were badly injured but
i cured your wound with my cells
but the threatening thing was this is
miggy cells had transferred into
shinichi
he was under an infection completely now
shinichi begins to search for his mother
but he finds her nowhere then he asks
about the police officer
going to the teacher but the teacher
does also not reveal anything
miggy tells him i will have to sleep
four hours in a day
at that time you will have to fight
alone because i will not protect you
having miggy's cells the attributes of
mighty had started to appear
now it is seen that a student had
transformed into a parasite
the student who was shown by the teacher
he takes admission in the school of
shinichi
he pretends to be the friend of shinichi
with the passage of time
the reality is exposed to everyone as he
is parasite
then that student kills everyone after
this
he moves to kill shinichi's friend but
shinichi jumps off the building
taking his friend that teacher
approaches there who wanted the death of
that student
because her secret may be revealed by
she explodes bomb there but remains safe
police approach there but that student
also ends the police
miggy tells shinichi student is on the
building roof
going to another building's roof kills
him while shooting arrow
then he returns to the teacher and asks
the address of that police officer who
is parasite
teacher tells him the location the
parasite of that police officer was
still in his mother
but it is the rest time of mighty it
means
shinichi had to fight alone here somehow
he cuts the throat of that parasite in
order to end it
his mother and police officer are ended
later
then shinichi is shown visiting the
hospital to meet his friend
he is uttering that i will kill all
parasites one by one
then it is shown that someone is taking
their photos
and he was a spy the movie part one
inches completed here
now part two of this movie will be
explained
now the time after a few months of that
incident is shown in
part two when military officers were
aware that there are parasites in the
city who are attacking humans
and they wanted to rescue them so they
get released a serial killer from a
prison
who could detect the parasites from the
human beings
human beings are presented before him
one by one
then he calls everyone human beings but
he becomes thoughtful as shinichi
appears before him
after a great deliberation he says that
he is also human
returning to the house mighty tells
shinichi that there is a parasite at a
little distance of us
they visit a nearby building where a
parasite is eating the flesh of a human
being
noticing shinichi that parasite moves to
shinichi
but migi puts it into death suddenly
shinichi senses as someone is behind him
he was no one else but that person who
had taken the photos of miggy and
shinichi at the end of
part one then the city mayor comes on
the scene who speaks out in parasite's
favor
he was a devilish person and the teacher
had togetherness with him
now it is shown that teacher had given
the birth of a baby who was a human
being
that mayor had known that shinichi is
killing parasites
he also wanted to end him the teacher
prohibits him
she tells miggy and shinichi belong to
one body
i want to see how they get together with
each other killing shinichi
our parasite miggy will also know more
so she had sent that spy after shinichi
to keep an eye on him
while walking one day shinichi again
senses as someone is behind him
that spy suggests while spying you
should reveal yourself before police
but shinichi says no police department
is
also full of many parasites shinichi
comes to know here that
teacher has engaged spy to pursue him he
says to the teacher going there
what is being done by all of you why do
you not cease it
then teacher says to him why are you
killing our companions parasites
they are yet learning how to eat human
beings after a time
they will stop killing them he keeps
quiet and he reveals going to spy
that teacher is very menacing parasite
beware she may also harm you but spy
does not trust him
next day spy meets that mayor he wanted
to confirm whether shinichi is speaking
truth or not
so he sets the audio tape in mayer's
room knowing about it
mayer orders to assassinate spy saying
he has become a threat for us he sends a
parasite to his house in order to kill
spy
they kill his daughter because he is not
at home miggy informs shinichi
five parasites are coming to attack you
a man advances them
he was the amalgam of the five parasites
mighty and shinichi explode his head
while fighting
they think is he is dead but there was
only one parasite who had been killed
other four parasites were still alive
rest of the parasites are alerted and
start handling him
then teacher says to mayor if i
disallowed you that you will not send
parasites to end shinichi and spy
so why did you do so here mayer notices
the teacher was developing the feelings
of human beings after being a mother
he disgusts it and sends three parasites
to end the teacher
being parasite she gets understanding as
someone is coming to end her
calling them to car park she ends them
while fighting alone
coming back to the house she notices
that her baby is missing from there
he finds a note there with a statement
come to bridge for a meeting and your
baby is in my custody
actually spy had left that note who
wanted to take revenge of his dead
daughter
taking the life of teacher's baby that
teacher moves there in confusion with
shinichi
shinichi tells spy you will get nothing
after killing this baby
because this baby belongs to human
species
military officers also come there they
knew that mayer had concealed many
parasites in his building
now they were sending the building
people one by one
they were shooting the parasites among
them after finding
serial killer was also present there
then mayer is shown to deliver his
speech
who is telling the actual monster is
human beings who are ending parasites
with no cause
then there the present military officers
target him and end
then serial killer shouts he was human
being but
just helping parasites turning back
they find that man who had five
parasites in him
everyone shoots him but he does not get
any harm
then it is shown that spy is about to
throw that baby
witnessing teacher has to transform into
parasite to save her baby
she thrusts her one hand into the body
of spy
as a result everyone comes to know that
she is parasite
police start firing on her continuously
and she had known that she will be no
more now
she comes to hand her baby over to
shinichi
as she give this responsibility to
she immediately dies because of
receiving many gunshots
here shinichi reminds his own mother and
he develops the human feelings
now police take shinichi for
interrogation but they are reported that
a man having
five parasites have killed the military
officers
then shinichi drives to that place but
those parasites cause of his accident
stopping him he moves to the forest he
says to miggy he will detect me where i
am until you are with me
he requests miggy to segregate from him
meantime
that parasite comes there he begins to
attack him
shinichi and mig had befriended now
samiggi sacrifices segregating itself
from chinichi's body
it asks shinichi to run away from there
mighty is killed by that parasite
as being depressed on it shinichi moves
to his friend's house
she takes care of him by heart while
lying he immediately observes
that his arm is generating one more part
of miggy
it happened because miggy's essence had
transferred into shinichi's body when it
had cured him
so it may be produced if he wanted it
shinichi knows that parasite will again
detect my location as it has generated
so he leaves for the sake of his
friend's life saying goodbye
going outside he is caught by that
parasite
reaching a mill he stabs a chemical
earthing rod into his body
but he remains safe he says what are you
thinking about me
i will kill other human beings after
killing you and other parasites with me
will dominate all over the world
he is almost killing shinichi suddenly
miggy is regenerated as his hand it
attacks on that parasite
meanwhile there is a trouble in his body
and he becomes irritated
miggy tells him that rod had the
multi-chemicals with which you stroke
him
so all parasites don't want to take the
hold of his body
all parasites leave his body one by one
now only the skeleton had left behind
shinichi throws it down into the fire
which takes his life
after a long while everything is shown
routine wise
miggy is saying to shinichi no parasite
has left behind in this world
so we should not live together i will be
separated from you
but shinichi does not agree but miggy
itself rooted it out
and shinichi's real hand appears and
being sad
he begins to remember miggy now it is
shown that much time has passed
shinichi and his friend were leading a
happy life
and they used to go to meet the
teacher's baby suddenly
it is shown that serial killer had come
back he captures shinichi's friend
he whispers in her ear the real monster
is human being
but shinichi's friend says to him the
real monster is
you you kill the people on it
that serial killer pushes her down from
the building
but shinichi suddenly goes there and
rescues her extending his hand
here he realizes that miggy has helped
him out here
the movies part 2 is eventually ended
here
subscribe for watch more video turn on
notification
don't forget to like comment and share
thank you for watching